Add error handling conventions (#356)
superfaceai/station: CONVENTIONS.md

Example of error model:

```
model Error {
    """
    Error Title
    A short, human-readable summary of the problem type.
    """
    title!
    """
    Error Detail
    A human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.
    """
    detail
    """
    Code
    Error code.
    """
    code! enum {
      """
      Unauthenticated
      There was a problem authenticating your request. Check that you are passing valid credentials.
      """
      Unauthenticated
      """
      Unauthorized
      The request is understood, but it has been refused or access is not allowed.
      """
      Unauthorized
      """
      CV MIME type not supported
      CV MIME type is not supported by the provider.
      """
      CVMIMETypeNotSupported
  }!
}
```

#### Handling unknown responses

Unhandled http responses in Comlink maps provides little information about the error to OneSDK client. Example of such error output:

```
Err {
  "error": "HTTPError: HTTP Error
AST Path: definitions[1].statements[0]
Original Map Location: Line 44, column 3",
}
```

The error output lacks information about status code and body of the response.

> You should handle unknown responses in map and map them to error model with HTTP status code and body of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should handle unknown responses in the map, and map them to the error model, including the HTTP status code and the body of the response in the use case return value.
```

Not sure if that's your intended meaning (?)

Map example:

```
map YourUseCase {
  http GET "/something" {
    request "application/json" {
      ...
    }

    //handle successful responses and domain-specific error responses
    ...

    //handle unknown responses
    response {
      map error {
        title = "Unknown error"
        detail = `Status code: ${statusCode}, body: ${JSON.stringify(body, null, 2)}`
        code = 'UnknownError'
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Example of unknown response error output when mapped:

```
Err {
  "error": "MappedHTTPError: Expected HTTP error
Properties: {
  "title": "Unknown error",
  "detail": "Status code: 404, body: \\"Not found\\"",
  "code": "UnknownError"
}
AST Path: definitions[1].statements[0].responseHandlers[1].statements[1]
Original Map Location: Line 64, column 7",
}
```

> Be aware that handling HTTP 500 status codes will prevent OneSDK to failover to backup provider. HTTP 500 status codes handling is not recommended for commodity use cases like sending e-mails, sms messages, getting weather forecast,...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that **handling HTTP 500 status codes will prevent OneSDK failover** to a backup provider. Handling HTTP 500 status codes is not recommended for commodity use cases like sending e-mails, SMS messages, getting weather forecast, etc.
```
